#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aioconsole==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
    #   litellm
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
    #   openai
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
attrs==25.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
backoff==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seeact
beautifulsoup4==4.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bs4
bs4==0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
cachetools==5.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   litellm
cmake==3.31.4
    # via triton
datasets==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
filelock==3.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
    #   triton
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2024.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
gmpy2==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.161.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth==2.38.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
google-generativeai==0.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seeact
googleapis-common-protos==1.67.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   playwright
grpcio==1.70.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.63.0rc1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
    #   seeact
huggingface-hub==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==8.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   litellm
intel-cmplr-lib-ur==2025.0.4
    # via intel-openmp
intel-openmp==2025.0.4
    # via mkl
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   litellm
    #   torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
lit==18.1.8
    # via triton
litellm==1.35.32
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seeact
lxml==5.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
mkl==2025.0.1
    # via
    #   mkl-fft
    #   mkl-random
    #   mkl-service
mkl-fft==1.3.11
    # via -r requirements.in
mkl-random==1.2.8
    # via -r requirements.in
mkl-service==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sympy
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   mkl-fft
    #   mkl-random
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
nvidia-cublas-cu11==11.10.3.66
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu11
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu11
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu11==11.7.101
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu11==11.7.99
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu11==11.7.99
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu11==8.5.0.96
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu11==10.9.0.58
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu11==10.2.10.91
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu11==11.4.0.1
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu11==11.7.4.91
    # via torch
nvidia-nccl-cu11==2.14.3
    # via torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu11==11.7.91
    # via torch
openai==1.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   litellm
    #   seeact
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
playwright==1.50.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seeact
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==4.25.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyarrow==19.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
pydantic==2.10.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-generativeai
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pyee==12.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   playwright
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httplib2
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   litellm
    #   seeact
pytz==2025.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   litellm
    #   tiktoken
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
safetensors==0.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
scipy==1.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
seeact==0.2.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sentence-transformers==3.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkl-service
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
sympy==1.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
tbb==2022.0.0
    # via mkl
tcmlib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   tbb
    #   umf
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   litellm
tokenizers==0.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   litellm
    #   transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seeact
torch==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchvision
    #   triton
torchaudio==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
torchvision==0.15.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.49.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
triton==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   multidict
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyee
    #   torch
tzdata==2025.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
umf==0.9.1
    # via intel-cmplr-lib-ur
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
wheel==0.45.1
    # via
    #   nvidia-cublas-cu11
    #   nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu11
    #   nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu11
    #   nvidia-curand-cu11
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu11
    #   nvidia-nvtx-cu11
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
yarl==1.18.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
zipp==3.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
